Add mobile vitals screen to sample (#697)
DataDog/dd-sdk-android: sample/README.md

## Getting Started

These sample apps are configured based on configuration JSON files which need to be added in `config` folder in your root directory.

> For each flavor, you must provide a config file named `[flavorName].json`. By default, flavors should match one of the existing sites in the `DatadogSite` enum (i.e.: `us1`, `us1_fed`, `us3`, `us5`, `eu1`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For each flavor, you must provide a config file named `[flavorName].json`. By default, flavors should match one of the existing sites in the `DatadogSite` enum (for example: `us1`, `us1_fed`, `us3`, `us5`, `eu1`).
```
